When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I would create a remote repository so that I could share my repository with other people on Github. What it does is that
    you can pull and push changes to or from the remote repository (you can upload the changes you've made to your local
    repository so that the public can see it, and you can also pull changes made in Github to your local repository)

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    The same reason why Git allows you to make commits manually - so you can
    logically choose whether you want your local repository to be updated by
    the remote repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are basically cloning a repository, EXCEPT IT IS CLONING IT IN GITHUB.
    Use forks when wanting to clone another person's repository, and also when you
    want to share that clone with other people (so you clone it on Github)
    Clones can clone a github repository onto your local device, or it can clone
    a current local repository so that you have 2 of them.  Branches are pathways
    of commits that have a specific purpose (adding a new experimental feature, for
    example).

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Helps you solve the conflict if the github version and the local version
    have conflict.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without Git or Github, we would constantly have to communicate verbally
    about what changes we have made. It would be easier because you don't have
    to be in the same location to collaborate - you can be in different places,
    but you can still see changes made through Github. It would be harder because
    learning how to use Github takes some time and effort.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
